Carla_Sophie_Beranek_tech_basics_2_exam

In this project, I have built an application that is mainly aimed at students in school and university. The app allows for the combination of different existing applications in one program. It contains a diary application, a to-do-list application, music to study to, as well as connections to websites and emergency contacts for mental health issues and general tips for studying.

The diary application contains two pages. On the first page, the user will be asked to enter the current date. Below this field, the user will find an empty textfield, in which the user should write their diary entry for the day. In order to store the entry, the user will need to press the 'SAVE' button in the bottom. This button will activate the function that writes the data into a csv file. To view the entry, the user will need to click on the orange button that says 'Previuos entries'. This will then open the second page of the diary, on which the previous entries will be listed with their correspdonding date. The button activates a function that will display the data saved in the csv file. To scroll down and view all the entries in the textfield, click on any place within the textfield and use the up or down keys on your keyboard to view further entries. To leave this page and go back to the main page, use the buttons that say 'back' on both pages. 

The to-do-list application can be accessed through clicking on the button labeled with 'TO DO'. This button will activate the TO DO list application and will lead the user to a new page, which displays an empty field and multiple buttons. On this page, the user will find a button that is labeled 'add text'. If the user clicks on this button, a new empty textbox will open. The user will then need to enter the task into this textbox. In the next step, the user will need to click on the 'add text' button on the page. The task will then show up in the empty textbox on the text-. To mark the task as completed, the user will need to click on the line in which the task is displayed. This will mark the task. The user can then click on the 'Mark as completed' button. This button will place a ticked box behind the task. To delete a task from the list, the user will need to click on the task. The now marked task will be deleted once the user clicks on the 'Delete selected task' button. To operate the to-do list, the user will need to keep the page opened, because the data entered into the to-do list will not be stored if the user leaves this page. It is meant to be used and kept open during a project to avoid being overwhelmed with keeping track of small tasks. 
To leave this page and go back to the main page, use the buttons that says 'back'. 

The music application allows the user to access and listen to different playlists. The application requires a working internet connection. The page can be accessed through clicking on the button labeled with 'Music' on the 2nd page. On the music page, the user will find  different buttons labeled with different music genres and styles. Depending on what the user wants to listen to, they can click on a button. Each of the buttons allows the user to open youtube playlists depedning on the genere they chose. The youtube video will open at screen-size, so the user will need to either close the webbrowser or click on the marked app symbol on the taskbar. On the music page, the user can click on the button that says 'back' to return to the main page.

The study application can be accessed through the button that says 'Study' on the main page. The application requires a working internet connection. The user will find that the layout of the page entails two separate sections. The first section to the left is labeled 'Websites with study tips'. Below the label, the user will find different buttons labeled with 'Source 1' up to 'Source 4'. Clicking on the buttons, the user will open different websites which will display tips and tricks on how to study effectively. The websites include information provided by the Harvard Summer School, the University of Groningen, the university of Oxford and the University of Carlifornia, Davis. The second section to the right is labeled as 'Websites for mental health'. It includes five different buttons. The first button is labeled 'Source 1' and will lead the user to the webpage of the Deutsche Depressionshilfe, the german depression relief organisation. The second button (labeled 'Source 2') will open the webpage of a Health Insurance company, which displays different links to mental health applications or other information on their webpage. There are three more buttons on this page. The first is labeled 'Mental Health Hotlines' and will lead the user to a website containing multiple numbers to call in case of mental health problems. The second button is labeled 'Immediate Help in Crisis', which will open the webpage with national and international emergency numbers and contacts for adults, for example in case of suicidality. The page also contains a button labeled 'Literature online', which will lead the user to a safe online literature search engine, which is specialised for academic literature. 

The button labeled 'Back' will lead the user back to the 'My organizer' page. 

On this page, the 'EXIT' button will allow the user to close the entire application. 
